Okay, so our final talk today is by Jeremy Bennett here.
I have some notes.
So you live in Southampton also, which is also in England.
By the New Forest, which is almost a thousand years old.
You spent some time in Paris and Nuremberg, which is great.
You adore compilers from what seems like from reading this.
And you have acted with Hugh Grant?
Wow, that's an interesting story.
Alright, sir. Jeremy, take it away.
Thank you very much.
You can ask me later where and when I acted with Hugh Grant.
Okay, this is our last talk.
It's only a short talk and it's a bit of a long story.
I want to talk to you about my work I do in my spare time
and William works with as well with tech works.
Anyone here heard of tech works?
It's the trade body for electronic systems in the UK.
And just in case you think that's relevant,
it's worth about 100 billion a year to the UK economy.
It's about a million people working in that industry.
It's 8% of the entire British economy.
There's a reason why the minister turns up to the annual meeting.
He listened. So it's a powerful body
and you will certainly know the members, IBM, ARM, Cadence,
Mentor, Siemens and the like.
So it's a big body.
It covers a lot of things.
It was originally the National Microelectronics Institute
and that's the one on the top right there
that looks after silicon chip design.
Going round, you've got Power Electronics Group.
You've got the UK Electronics Skills Foundation
which is the educational charity arm
that oversees students' internships
going into universities across the country.
There's TechNest which is the embedded software group.
There's eSIN, the Automotive Expert Group
that looks after the automotive industry.
And lastly, there's the Internet of Things Security Foundation.
I'll come back to that.
Now, what are they doing here?
Because they're not an open source organization, anything but.
But part of our role as open source engineers
is to educate the wider world
into the merits of openness.
And I want to draw your attention
to the Internet of Things Security Foundation
and that's what it says on their front page.
Okay?
Material is published.
It's a contribution from industry
and you can download the material
and you can download them for free.
Okay?
They're freely available to you
and indeed there's an example of one
and when we say free,
we mean a Creative Commons attribution license.
And that's a perfectly valid open license
for what is documentation fundamentally.
And so even though this has some of the biggest proprietary people amongst it,
they have chosen to do their standardization work,
their best practice work,
their guides to the engineers in the industry
to make them fully open.
And they were put together by an open process
and one of my open source engineers,
you'll find his name in that document
because he wrote a big chunk of it.
And that's where the open philosophy is something you sell to them.
And I was one of the group that sold the idea
of doing this in the open
and I'm a founder member of the Internet of Things Security Foundation.
So how does that apply to AI?
Well, William and I have been heavily involved with AI at TechWorks.
I have the last year or two been co-chair with Mike Bartley
of the AI initiative we've had going on long under the hood.
And most of our members are experienced professional engineers
and I think we heard a lot earlier from Stefania
about the importance of education,
but I'm particularly interested in the education
of people who are already experienced.
We've got lots of experienced engineers.
How do you bring those people into a new industry?
They've got their marketing guys telling them
our new product's got to have AI
and that's probably about the detail they get in their product spec.
And they've got to implement it.
So what TechWorks is trying to do is fill a gap in the market
by making guidance available to those professional members it has.
And the initial things we're going to start on is guidance on trustable AI
because that's seen as one of the barriers in our industry.
And quite honestly, if you've got companies that are making jet engine controllers
you really want to trust any AI they put into them.
And more generally, the professional engineer.
So actually what William and I have been working on
and you can join the meetings if you want to,
the next thing that we've been doing is the best practices guide.
We're not trying to tell you how to do AI.
We're giving you the pointers so you can do it.
We're not duplicating what other people are doing.
We're trying to provide you the set of questions,
a Q and A you can go to to say,
should I even be using AI in this product?
If I should be using AI, what sort of AI?
What are the questions and risks I need to address?
And the idea is if you're an engineer, but you don't know AI,
it'll help you make a good job of your first project and subsequent projects.
And hot news, this is I think the first public meeting this has been announced.
So TechWorks announced its new AI innovation cross working group.
It's a cross working group because it doesn't fit in any of one of those subsidiary organisations.
So we'll work with Automotive, we'll work with Power Electronics,
we'll work with the Electronic Skills Foundation, we'll work with the In their Things Security Foundation.
It was announced on Thursday, there will be a launch event in London and then there will be more public events.
The launch event quite honestly is to get the key influences in there to understand.
So it'll be aimed at the government, both the civil service and the politicians.
It'll be aimed at senior managers in the industry across the UK.
And then we'll propagate it down and there'll be lots of events for the ordinary working engineer.
But the good thing about that is the work we'll be doing will just like the In their Things Security Foundation be in the open.
And there wasn't even a question about doing that this time.
It was taken as given because it was seen what the success is.
So really my talk is just an appeal to you is don't just engage with the open source community, engage with the wider engineering community
and try and bring them online for using open source.
And I'm hoping next year we'll come back and we'll be lots of feedback and this group will have fed into the other groups you've heard around here
and will have drawn on what they've done and will be a useful addition to what's there.
I say you can get involved with the best practice group, just send William an email and he'll hear it.
So I'm the last speaker today.
So I've got the, my last slide is nothing to do with tech works. It's some thank yous.
So thank yous to those here.
So I'd like to thank Will Jones, who's been overall charge of organizing this room.
I'd like to thank JJ for chairing all day and JJ hasn't taken a break.
I tried to make him take a break but he's indestructible.
So he's gone through the whole day.
Michelle from the Nagara, Jonathan and Stefania.
I think Stefania's had to rush off for all their work from the European network on AI safety.
And those four people, I should say there were four submissions to do an AI dev room and we've put all four submissions together.
So you've got the best of four possible dev rooms you could have had all rolled into one.
But the most important people making a success are all of you.
We've had tremendous interaction.
I've not been in all the talks but when I have, it's been great to have that.
So thank you very much and of course we'll see you all next year.
Thank you.